Money that which separates the haves from the have nots.
Patience, frugality.
Sacrifice.
Deciding to invest in your family's future.
And taking responsibility for the consequences of those actions.
Mr. Byrde.
Hello.
Trevor Evans, FBI.
Whats going on?
We believe your husband is partnered with murder.
Let’s all stop playing this game, shall we?
The lying the running aren’t you both tired?
We made a choice to move our family to a more peaceful place.
Mom what are we doing here?
Your father is laundering money for a Mexican drug cartel.
Marty where’s my 5 million dollars?
Someone is going to die.
Relax.
Why do I have this feeling we both know that you’d be better off dead.
Marty.
We're gonna kill your family and we’ll be done with all this madness.
Jesus, Marty he knows the kids’ names.
Last chance for witness protection.
This is just another betrayal isn’t it? How long have you been planning this?
You have walled me out.
The money is at its essences that measure of a man’s choices
What’d you do today for our family?